c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.WebUI.dll
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\obj\Debug\Blog.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\obj\Debug\Blog.WebUI.dll
c:\users\yarmoliuk\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\obj\Debug\Blog.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.WebUI.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\obj\Debug\Blog.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\obj\Debug\Blog.WebUI.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\obj\Debug\Blog.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.Dal.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.Enyities.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.Dal.pdb
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.Enyities.pdb
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Galya\Desktop\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.WebUI.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.WebUI.pdb
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.Dal.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.Enyities.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.Dal.pdb
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Blog.Enyities.pdb
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\obj\Debug\Blog.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\obj\Debug\Blog.WebUI.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\obj\Debug\Blog.WebUI.pdb
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Навчання\ШАГ2\ASP.NET\Blog\Blog.WebUI\Blog.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
